what's up everyone welcome to video
number four in my
eight-part series on impactful
communication
on social media the goal of this series
is to look at eight different social
media platforms
and give you an idea or a couple ideas
of how you can be an impactful
communicator
on that platform in video number one i
talked about
facebook and the fact that facebook
tells us every single day it's
somebody's
birthday and every single day many of us
click on that little box that pops up
which essentially is a timeline post for
that person and we type
happy birthday but what i argue is that
you can get a much
bigger impact out of taking that
information offline
by phoning that person by writing them a
handwritten note
and that works in general for all social
media platforms take the online
offline and make a bigger impact in
video number two i talked about
linkedin which is such a powerful
platform that is
underutilized it's known as the set it
and forget it
network but there is a lot of benefit
through leaving people recommendations
writing published articles and even
leveraging
linkedin stories in the last video
number three i talked about
instagram and the underutilized reels
and why it's benefit to start
experimenting with those as well as
instagram live video and i also talked
about why you should slide into the dms
with a video or an
audio message to have a bigger impact on
your network
and in today's video we're talking about
twitter which is the platform where a
lot of people like to talk
and fewer people like to listen
but that is where the real advantage
comes in twitter because so many people
are
using the platform to speak their mind
to comment on things
but where you can really make an impact
is actually commenting below
other people's tweets and interacting
and engaging
with individuals now this is easy to do
with our own network
whatever it is in twitter that we're
interested in following
often we connect with similar
like-minded people or people who speak
about certain topics that we're
interested in and that is great
but one step you can go beyond that is
searching out different hashtags
that revolve around subjects that matter
to you
and by taking the time to do some
hashtag research by looking up those
categories
and seeing what people are posting about
you have this opportunity to connect
with others who you may have never heard
of
and probably come across some
interesting points and perspectives
and it's one thing to just consume that
content but it's another
to start commenting underneath and
adding your opinions and
making it a conversation someone who
famously
leveraged this is gary vaynerchuk who
i'm sure
many of you know marketing genius and he
really leveraged twitter especially in
the early days
in terms of listening he would see what
other people were posting about
wine and he would go in and he would add
value by answering
their questions and by suggesting
various wines or somebody would mention
that they're drinking a chardonnay and
he would say hey have you tried this
type
and he would constantly add value
when nobody was even asking for that
value he was just jumping in and
delivering it
over time he built the social equity and
in the end that actually resulted in a
lot of business and that is how he
really helped
grow his business and his brand and it
was all about
listening and twitter is such an
opportunity for this because fewer
people
are listening on this platform a last
tip i want to give you for twitter is
don't be afraid to direct
message people in the last video i
talked a bit about
instagram dms and reaching out to people
that way
well on twitter so many people have
their direct messages
open and this might be a great
opportunity for you to connect with
somebody
who otherwise you wouldn't really know
how to reach out to them you didn't know
their email or that information
you can send them a direct message
through twitter and maybe you can ask
them to be
on your podcast or on your youtube
interview series
or leverage that kind of relationship or
just ask them a genuine question
and connect on a deeper level i hope
that this video with a couple of tips on
how to better leverage twitter by
listening
and by leveraging direct messages was
beneficial to you
make sure you subscribe make sure you
turn on the notifications because i am
going to be doing
four more videos in this series where
i'm going to talk about tick tock
i'm going to talk about clubhouse and a
few other special videos
you won't want to miss thanks so much
for taking the time to watch this video
i really appreciate it